Hi, welcome to lesson number two, module two.
So, for today, we're gonna watch some
phrases I'm sure you already have heard
about because we already practiced and
studied here.
So, the first one, the first one is Where
are you from?
Where are you from?
Recuerda siempre, cuando vas a hablar de
you, usas el ar.
Listo?
Ar antes de you.
Entonces, where are you from? Where are
you from?
Listen to the video.
Where are you from?
I don't know.
Answer.
I'm from country, for example.
I'm from Arbiden.
So, right in the chat box.
Where are you from?
Tell us.
Put it in the chat box.
And the next one.
Are you from America?
So, are you from America?
Is asking the person si esa persona es de
América, ok?
O es de Estados Unidos.
¿Qué se usa para Estados Unidos?
America casi siempre se están refiriendo
a Estados Unidos.
So, are you from America?
Repeat.
Pretty good.
Are you from America?
And an answer.
I'm not American.
Ok?
Listen to the video.
Hello, are you from America?
Yeah.
Pretty good.
Repeat after me.
I'm not American.
Say it.
Excellent, excellent.
Pretty good.
I'm not American apparel.
I'm not.
The next one.
Where is she from?
So, where is she from?
She's from India.
Say it with me.
Where is she from?
Again.
Nice.
She's from India.
Pretty good.
Again.
She's from India.
Nice.
Pretty good.
Now, the same thing.
Where is he from?
You?
Excellent.
Nice.
Again.
Where is he from?
Excellent.
He's Tunisian.
So, there's a difference here.
Hay una diferencia.
Lo único que está diciendo no es que él
es de Tunisia o del país, sino que él es tunecino.
Ok?
Entonces, está diciendo su nacionalidad.
Remember, that's another way of answering
the question
.
Where are you from?
Or where is he from?
Esa también es otra manera de responder a
la pregunta.
Pretty good.
Let's go with the next one
.
Listen to the video.
Where is Austria?
Where is means dónde está?
Ok?
Where is Austria?
Dónde está Austria?
And we can answer.
Austria is in Europe.
Ok?
So, where is Austria?
Yo respondo.
Yo pregunto.
Tú respondes.
Ok?
I'll ask and you'll answer.
Where is Austria?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Nice.
So, watch the video about Austria in the
next lessons and bye -bye.
I'm so happy you've been here.
Remember, tell me in the comments what
surprised you the most about Austria
. I'm so happy you're getting in Europe
and we have these things?
Let me know in the comments.
It's a little bit.
Then we're going to do the math method
for us with Austria.
It's like a little bit.